Docs: Update "What's Next?" section in PyPI installation instructions (#13219)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/install_guides/installing-openvino-pip.md

If installation was successful, you will not see any error messages (no console output).

> Congratulations! You finished installing OpenVINO Runtime. Now you can start exploring OpenVINO's functionality through Jupyter Notebooks and sample applications. See the [What's Next?](#whats-next) section to learn more!

Reviewer: Again, the `[What's Next?](#whats-next)` will not work. We need to change it to the `<a>` tags.

Author: Okay, I changed the link. I changed it to use the direct hotlink, like Karol showed:

```
See the [What's Next](https://docs.openvino.ai/2022.2/openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_pip.html#what-s-next) section to learn more!
```

Let me know if I should change it to use <a> tags instead!

Reviewer: No that's not what I meant. It should be similar to this comment: https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/pull/13156#issuecomment-1258936466 
I've corrected it. :)

Author: Thanks Yuan!

> Congratulations! You finished installing OpenVINO Runtime. Now you can start exploring OpenVINO's functionality through Jupyter Notebooks and sample applications. See the [What's Next](https://docs.openvino.ai/2022.2/openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_pip.html#what-s-next) section to learn more!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations! You finished installing OpenVINO Runtime. Now you can start exploring OpenVINO's functionality through Jupyter Notebooks and sample applications. See the <a href="#whats-next">What's Next</a> section to learn more!
```

## Installing OpenVINO Development Tools
OpenVINO Development Tools adds even more functionality to OpenVINO. It provides tools like Model Optimizer, Benchmark Tool, Post-Training Optimization Tool, and Open Model Zoo Downloader. If you install OpenVINO Development Tools, OpenVINO Runtime will also be installed as a dependency, so you don't need to install OpenVINO Runtime separately. 

See the [Install OpenVINO Development Tools](installing-model-dev-tools.md) page for step-by-step installation instructions.

## What's Next?
Now that you've installed OpenVINO Runtime, you're ready to run your own machine learning applications! Learn more about how to integrate a model in OpenVINO applications by trying out the following tutorials.

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15709723/127752390-f6aa371f-31b5-4846-84b9-18dd4f662406.gif" width=400>

> Try the [Python Quick Start Example](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/notebooks/201-vision-monodepth-with-output.html) to estimate depth in a scene using an OpenVINO monodepth model in a Jupyter Notebook inside your web browser.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Try the [Python Quick Start Example](https://docs.openvino.ai/2022.2/notebooks/201-vision-monodepth-with-output.html) to estimate depth in a scene using an OpenVINO monodepth model in a Jupyter Notebook inside your web browser.
```

### Get started with Python
Visit the [Tutorials](../tutorials.md) page for more Jupyter Notebooks to get you started with OpenVINO, such as:
* [OpenVINO Python API Tutorial](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/notebooks/002-openvino-api-with-output.html)

> * [Basic image classification program with Hello Image Classification](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/notebooks/001-hello-world-with-output.html)
> * [Convert a PyTorch model and use it for image background removal](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/notebooks/205-vision-background-removal-with-output.html)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Basic image classification program with Hello Image Classification](https://docs.openvino.ai/2022.2/notebooks/001-hello-world-with-output.html)
* [Convert a PyTorch model and use it for image background removal](https://docs.openvino.ai/2022.2/notebooks/205-vision-background-removal-with-output.html)
```
At this stage using direct links may actually be the right way to do it. I would just use the 2022.2 address to make it more future-proof.

> * [OpenVINO Python API Tutorial](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/notebooks/002-openvino-api-with-output.html)
> * [Basic image classification program with Hello Image Classification](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/notebooks/001-hello-world-with-output.html)
> * [Convert a PyTorch model and use it for image background removal](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/notebooks/205-vision-background-removal-with-output.html)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [OpenVINO Python API Tutorial](https://docs.openvino.ai/2022.2/notebooks/002-openvino-api-with-output.html)
* [Basic image classification program with Hello Image Classification](https://docs.openvino.ai/2022.2/notebooks/001-hello-world-with-output.html)
* [Convert a PyTorch model and use it for image background removal](https://docs.openvino.ai/2022.2/notebooks/205-vision-background-removal-with-output.html)
```
At this stage using direct links may actually be the right way to do it. I would just use the 2022.2 address to make it more future-proof.
